hash brown potatoes
hi I'm a new pilot welcome you to send
Jeff Kapoor khazana
I am going to be showing you how to make
hash brown potatoes it is a very heat
breakfast item and again a very simple
recipe so let's quickly see what all we
need to make hash brown potatoes for
this we need potatoes which are
parboiled I am using the non starchy
pareto variety basically how do you know
if a potato will start your non starchy
in this case when you use non starchy
potatoes the skin is a little thin like
you see this you can easily peel it off
with your fingers so this is how a non
starchy potatoes looks like I have power
boiled them 1 TSP black pepper powder
salt to taste and oil to shallow fry
first of all we need to peel these
potatoes since we have power boil them
peeling will not be very easy so use a
knife so once we have peeled the
potatoes we have to grade them use the
thicker side of the grater so that we
have nice big fat strands of potatoes
and don't go over and over just one and
out like this this is how you need to
grade the potato
ok the potatoes are grated now we'll add
in salt to this some pepper powder and
the use of folk to just mix this well
just like this or you could alternately
use two folks so that all the salt and
the pepper that we've added gets mixed
very well and in this process we are not
really breaking the potato strands
keeping it intact so once we have mixed
in all the salt and pepper we have to
lightly press this so firstly that we
need to do is apply a little oil and
also heat up a nonstick pan just need to
press this a bit so that when you cut
this it forms a cake some oil in this
another way of cooking hash brown
potatoes is instead of using oil use
clarified butter if you have a lot of
clarified butter you
use that because it gives a very nutty
flavor to the hashbrowns once you fry
them now we need a cutter like this and
with this just cut out roundels use a
flat spoon to lift up these and you
place it on this non-stick pan as I have
mentioned to you meaning to use non
starchy perrito's since the starch and
this is quite low the potatoes don't
brown very fast and when they don't
Brown they get crispier and crispier and
in case of hash brown you need
absolutely crisp which is why we using
these kind of potatoes so we have to
cook them till the bottom goes crisp and
then we will flip and cook the other
side as well
once the base is golden we'll flip and
we will cook this along with omelets
very often you will find hash drawn
being served hash brown is actually a
potato dish which accompanies most of
the English breakfasts so if you want to
serve it for breakfast otherwise you
could also serve it as a snack to York
in the Piero's are done let's remove
them on a plate the hash brown is ready
make it just the way I have made it and
you'll love it